Better Explain State Across All Develop (#1251)
near/docs: docs/2.develop/contracts/serialization.md

#### Features
 - Self-describing format
 - Easy interoperability with JavaScript
 - Multiple implementations readily available
 - But... it is not efficient both in computational times and resulting size

#### Example
```js
Example{
  number: i32 = 2;
  arr: Vector<i32> = [0, 1];
}

// serializes to
"{\"number\": 2, \"arr\": [0, 1]}"
```

<hr class="subsection" />

### [Borsh](https://borsh.io/): Objects to Bytes

#### Features
  - Compact, binary format built to be efficiently (de)serialized
  - Strict and canonical binary representation
  - Less overhead: it does not need to store attributes names
  - But... it is necessary to know the schema to (de)serialize the data

#### Example
```js
Example{
  number: i32 = 2;
  arr: Vector<i32> = [0, 1];
}

// serializes into
[2, 0, 0, 0, 2, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0]
```
---

## Serializing Input & Output
NEAR contracts can implement methods that both take and return complex objects.
In order to handle this data in a simple way, JSON serialization is used.

Using JSON makes it easier for everyone to talk with the contracts, since most
languages readily implement a JSON (de)serializer.

#### Example

> Lets look at a mock example, written only for educational purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at a mock-up example, written only for educational purposes:
```

  return B{true, 0}
}
```

#### Receiving Data
When a user calls executes the method, the contract receive the value encoded in JSON
(e.g. `"{\"a_number\":0, \"b_number\":\"100\"}"`) and proceed to (de)serialize it into
the correct object (`A{0, 100}`) .

#### Returning Data
When returning the result, the contract will automatically encode the object `B{true, 0}`
into its JSON serialized value: `"{\"success\":true, \"other_number\":0}"` and return this
string.

:::caution JSON Limitations
Since JSON is limited to `52 bytes` numbers, you cannot use `u64`/`u128` as input
or output. JSON simply cannot serialize them. Instead, you must use `Strings`.

The `NEAR SDK RS` currently implements the `near_sdk::json_types::{U64, I64, U128, I128}`
that you can use for input / output of data.
:::

---

## Borsh: State Serialization

Under the hood smart contracts store data using simple **key/value pairs**. This means that
the contract needs to translate complex states into simple key-value pairs.

For this, NEAR contracts use [borsh](https://borsh.io) which is optimized for (de)serializing
complex objects into smaller streams of bytes.

:::tip SDK-JS still uses json

> The javascript sdk uses JSON to serialize objects in the state, but the borsh implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript SDK uses JSON to serialize objects in the state, but the borsh implementation
```

should arrive soon
:::

#### Example

> Lets look at a mock example, written only for educational purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at a mock-up example, written only for educational purposes:
```
